RAG-LLM GitOps Pattern on MS Azure (#583)
validatedpatterns/docs: content/patterns/azure-rag-llm-gitops/az-ragllm-getting-started.adoc

* A Hugging Face token:
* Database server
 ** Azure SQL database server - It is the default vector database for deploying the RAG-LLM GitOps Pattern on Azure.
 ** (Optional) Local databases- You can also deploy Redis, PostgreSQL (EDB), or Elasticsearch (ELASTIC) directly within your cluster. If choosing a local database, ensure that it is provisioned and accessible before deployment.

[IMPORTANT]
====
* To select your database type, edit `overrides/values-Azure.yaml` file.
+
[source,yaml]
----
global:
  db:
    type: "AZURESQL"  # Options: AZURESQL, REDIS, EDB, ELASTIC
----

* When choosing local database instances such as Redis, PostgreSQL, or Elasticsearch, ensure that your cluster has sufficient resources available.
====

[id="overview-of-the-installation-workflow_{context}"]
== Overview of the installation workflow
To install the RAG-LLM GitOps Pattern on Microsoft Azure, you must complete the following setup and configurations:

* xref:creating-huggingface-token[Create a Hugging face token]

> * xref:deploying-azure-sql-server[Deploy Azure SQL]

Reviewer: We can remove this section

* xref:creating-secret-credentials[Create required secrets]
* xref:provisioning-gpu-nodes[Create GPU nodes]
* xref:deploy-rag-llm-azure-pattern[Install the RAG-LLM GitOps Pattern on Microsoft Azure]

[id="creating-huggingface-token_{context}"]
=== Creating a Hugging Face token
.Procedure

. To obtain a Hugging Face token, navigate to the link:https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens[Hugging Face] site.
. Log in to your account.
. Go to your *Settings* -> *Access Tokens*.
. Create a new token with appropriate permissions. Ensure you accept the terms of the specific model you plan to use, as required by Hugging Face. For example, Mistral-7B-Instruct-v0.3-AWQ

> [id="deploying-azure-sql-server_{context}"]
> === Deploying Azure SQL Server
> 
> .Procedure
> 
> . Navigate to the Azure portal and create a new SQL Database server.
> . When prompted for authentication, select `Use SQL authentication`.
> . Record the generated *Server name*, *Server admin login*, and *Password*. These credentials will be used later when creating secrets.
> . On the *Networking* tab, ensure that *Allow Azure services and resources to access this server is set* to *Yes*. This allows your ARO cluster to connect to the database.
> . Click *Review + create*, and then click *Create*.
> 
> Wait for the SQL Server deployment to complete and become active before proceeding.
> 
> [id="creating-secret-credentials_{context}"]
> === Creating secret credentials
> 
> To securely store your sensitive credentials, create a YAML file named `~/values-secret-rag-llm-gitops.yaml`. This file is used during the pattern deployment; however, you must not commit it to your Git repository.
> 
> [IMPORTANT]
> ====
> If you’re not using Azure SQL Server, omit the entire `azuresql` section.
> ====
> 
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> # ~/values-secret-rag-llm-gitops.yaml
> # Replace placeholders with your actual credentials
> version: "2.0"
> 
> secrets:
>   - name: hfmodel
>     fields:
>       - name: hftoken <1>
>         value: <hf_your_huggingface_token>
>   - name: azuresql
>     fields:
>       - name: user <2>
>         value: <adminuser>
>       - name: password <3>
>         value: <your_password>
>       - name: server <4>
>         value: <yourservername.database.windows.net>
> ----
> <1> Specify your Hugging Face token.
> <2> Specify the username for your Azure SQL server.
> <3> Specify the password for your Azure SQL server.
> <4> Specify the fully qualified of your Azure SQL server name.

Reviewer: Since we use the local deploy of MS SQL server by default, we can omit the section about creating the Azure SQL Server instance. We just need to make sure to update the secrets to include the password for SQL server. (That said, if you omit the password, one will be generated automatically. The only secret you absolutely must include is the HF token.)

```suggestion
=== Creating secret credentials

To securely store your sensitive credentials, create a YAML file named `~/values-secret-rag-llm-gitops.yaml`. This file is used during the pattern deployment; however, you must not commit it to your Git repository.

[source,yaml]
----
# ~/values-secret-rag-llm-gitops.yaml
# Replace placeholders with your actual credentials
version: "2.0"

secrets:
  - name: hfmodel
    fields:
      - name: hftoken <1>
        value: <hf_your_huggingface_token>
  - name: mssql
    fields:
    - name: sa-pass <2>
      value: <password_for_sa_user>
----
<1> Specify your Hugging Face token.
<2> Specify the password to give the SA user on the MS SQL Server instance.
```
